Initial Pass at Significant Policies (#2)
FortAwesome/Security-Docs-and-Attestation: Access_Control_Policy.md

__Date of Last Review__

N/A

## Introduction

An access control policy helps employees and external parties understand who is allowed to access what client and user data 
and under what circumstances and conditions they can access that data.

### Goal Statement

At present, we are a small company (literally everyone in the company knows everyone else on a first name basis). The 
unfortunate reality is that, no matter how much we may know, like, or trust an individual we know personally, they have the 
capacity to take harmful actions. Beyond that, there is risk that an employee's identity (from a system perspective) may be 
compromised allowing an attacker the same level of access as an employee. In general, we mitigate these kinds of risks by 
collecting as little data as possible so that, even in the event of a breach, nothing of value would be lost. However, we do
offer a service whose value is in its availability and providing too much access to everyone could result in a loss of that 
availability to our clients. To that end we need some basic guidelines indicating who should have access to what, and how,
when, and why that access should change.

### Background Statement 

> We, at Fonticons, know our culture but it is entirely reasonable for others planning to use our technology to desire to 

Reviewer: Fonticons, Inc. (?)

Author: While these are policies they are probably by-laws more than traditional, legally binding docs.  If you think Fonticons causes confusion I can give the full legal name.

understand our goals and commitments around security and privacy. Some of our policies have been de facto in nature, e.g.,
you simply can't get access to something because so-and-so wouldn't give it to you. While this is arguably effective for a 
company of our size, having a de jure policy that others can consider is appropriate for the space in which we work. 

## Definitions 

### Terms

> * The word we shall mean Fonticons Inc, all Fonticons employees and any individuals contracting with Fonticons to complete work.

Reviewer 2: It threw me for a second reading this that the term you were referring to was **we**. Would quoting or bolding these terms help?

```suggestion
* The word "we" shall mean Fonticons Inc, all Fonticons employees and any individuals contracting with Fonticons to complete work.
```

* Employee shall mean an individual directly employed by Fonticons Inc and all contractors, consultants, temporary employees, or business partners.

> * Client shall mean a person or entity who installs or configures part or all of the Font Awesome free product/service for use on a website or product not owned or otherwise controlled by Fonticons.

Reviewer: Fonticons, Inc. (?) To reflect any of our free or paid products and services/

> * Pro client shall mean a person or entity who installs or configures part or all of the Font Awesome paid product/service for use on a website or product not owned or otherwise controlled by Fonticons.

Reviewer: Should this be expaned to just say Fonticons, Inc. paid products & services. We currently still support Fort Awesome, which has paying customers. We also will be adding "Pro" products and services around Shoelace.

Author: If we do, we should probably prioritize threat modeling those other solutions as well.  It isn't a problem, I'd just been tentatively focused on Font Awesome.  We could publish these and then update them after I'd done the threat models.  It would also indicate if there were other considerations I was previously unaware of.

Author: I've thought about it more in the last 7 minutes and have decided that it should mean all products/services.

> * Fonticons system shall mean any computers, communication systems, platforms, and any other information technology systems used by Fonticons Inc., to provide the Font Awesome product and service.

Reviewer: Same as the comments above

* Font Awesome product shall mean the icons, their digital representation, and associated icon functionality present in code.
* Font Awesome service shall mean the technologies that make the Font Awesome product available to clients, users, and site users.

## Policy 

1. This policy applies to all employees
1. This policy applies to all Fonticons systems
1. All Fonticons systems must implement or otherwise leverage an authentication and authorization scheme that can limit access based on authentication information

>    1. To facilitate this policy Fonticons must maintain a valid, up-to-date inventory of their systems as part of their asset inventory

Reviewer 2: @alexpoiry do we need to work on this before this policy takes effect?

Author: No, because point 3 says we will prioritize it when we are not in compliance and it is in our backlog to prioritize.

1. Authorization level must be commenserate with the role and/or business related activities, e.g., an icon designer does not typically require admin access to the logging database
1. Any employee or pro clients accessing Fonticons systems (with the exception of the free and or public aspects of the system) must be authenticated to said system and only be able to access those items to which they have appropriate authorization
1. System access must not be granted to any employee without appropriate approval from a manager or the head of security 
1. System access must be granted only on a need-to-know basis
1. Employees are prohibited from gaining unauthorized access to any other information systems or in any way damaging, altering, or disrupting the operations of these systems

## Procedures

1. An employee that detects any violation of this policy must report the issue to their supervisor, the head of security (Alex Poiry), or the CTO (Travis Chase)

> 1. Intentionally or maliciously violating this policy is a serious offense and grouds for termination of employeement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Intentionally or maliciously violating this policy is a serious offense and grounds for termination of employement
```
